hey what's going on guys haven't done a
video in too long I've just been crazy
busy with work so I want to get a video
on how to breed shrimp this is getting
down to the end of the series and I want
to talk today about three things that I
think every shrimp tank should have you
know most I'm pretty simple but uh but I
feel like some people don't know it so
first of all you have to have moss you
have to have some kind of moss a lot of
good bacteria and microorganisms grow on
moss which a baby shrimp we eat so I
think Moss is an absolute must for every
plan are every shrimp tank so i use java
moss it's the cheapest kind of moss it
grows pretty quick and i use it all over
the place as you can see in this tank
there's tons and tons and tons of java
moss you can't have enough moss and then
you look down at the carpet really tank
just tons of MA
so moss is huge second thing you need
driftwood guys you got to have some kind
of driftwood same thing with driftwood
it grows off nice microbacteria on it
gives the shrimp places to hide it makes
them feel safe it doesn't stress them
out so it's great for shrimp tanks uh
what kind of driftwood I believe that
Malaysian driftwood is amazing I use it
down here and uh the carbon really tank
Jun Sears all the oh no this is in the
carburetor this is the blue velvet tank
and a royal blue tank and so I chose you
can see I start about the glare got all
the lights on and it's not focusing of
course but um yeah definitely
Malaysian driftwood is good and uh I got
some more over here some Malaysian back
there and then the second best kind well
actually you know what it's debatable
I think um I think it really is
debatable we get this stuff sorry guys
this is a cool cactus one and I use this
on all the tanks I don't use in this
tank yet I need to though but this stuff
degrades over time and so you're gonna
have to keep replacing it but of the
shrimp will love it I mean they're
always they're not climbing on in that
tent because they're eating but in here
these shrimp are always crawling in it
gives them you know they can claw all in
the center so cooler looks good so I
would say either Malaysian driftwood or
a Cola cactus wood and you can get this
stuff on Amazon or wherever and the
third most important thing is that
Indian almond leaves through the whole
bunch of it you guys can get these
online you can find them pretty much
anywhere it doesn't matter what grade
you get the grade all it does is say
basically if it has holes in it if it's
wrinkled it's leave looks bad then it's
a lower grade if the leaves perfect like
this one's perfect for some reason
that's a higher grade one and it the
quality you know it doesn't matter at
all you can just get whatever the shrimp
don't care unless you care about look so
I think three most important things
some kind of moss preferably java moss
some kind of driftwood preferably Cola
wood or Malaysian driftwood and then
Indian almond leaves those are the three
things every trim tank should have so if
you guys have any questions I mean there
are other things out there feel free to
ask questions and I'll make it a good
week guys later